## Chapter 21: Living Alone

Time passed swiftly.

In the blink of an eye, Su Nian had been living in the small village for three months.

Her belly had grown quite large; she would give birth any day now.

The old woman treated her kindly, caring for her as if she were her own daughter.

The villagers, too, knew she was a pitiful soul and looked after her well.

Su Nian lived peacefully here.

Though she still thought of Xiao Yu from time to time, the pain was no longer as sharp as before.

Time was, indeed, the best medicine.

---

That morning, Su Nian struggled to get up from bed.

Her belly was already over nine months along, protruding like a large watermelon, making it difficult even to turn over.

She lay on her side, one hand propping herself up on the bed, the other cradling her belly, struggling to sit up.

"Huff..." She breathed heavily, fine beads of sweat already appearing on her forehead.

Her big belly was heavy and cumbersome, pressing on her so she could barely breathe. She supported her waist with one hand and cradled her belly with the other, struggling to move to the edge of the bed.

She wanted to put on her shoes, but found she couldn't bend down.

She sat at the edge of the bed, lifting her foot, trying to lean forward, but her big belly pressed against her, making it impossible to reach her shoes.

"Sigh..." She sighed and had to call out, "Xiao Cui, help me put on my shoes."

Xiao Cui was the maid Xiao Yu had sent to care for her. She hurried over to help her with her shoes.

"Miss, please go slowly," Xiao Cui said with心疼. "Your belly is getting bigger and bigger. You must be careful."

"I know," Su Nian said with a bitter smile. "This little one is almost tormenting me to death."

She looked down at her big belly and patted it gently. "Little one, when are you coming out? Mother can hardly bear it anymore."

A violent fetal movement came from within, as if responding to her.

Su Nian smiled, but there was weariness in her smile.

---

After putting on her shoes, Su Nian struggled to stand up.

She supported her waist with one hand and cradled her belly with the other, moving step by step toward the courtyard.

The old woman was airing quilts in the courtyard. When she saw Su Nian come out, she quickly set down her work.

"Miss Su, why have you come out? Sit down and rest."

"It's fine," Su Nian waved her hand. "I'm moving around. Lying down all the time isn't comfortable either."

She paced slowly in the courtyard, one hand supporting her waist, the other gently stroking her belly.

Her big belly made her center of gravity unstable, and each step required careful caution. Her waist ached terribly, as if someone had struck it with a hammer.

"This waist..." She supported her waist, frowning. "It's really going to break..."

The old woman walked over and supported her. "Miss, your belly is too big, and walking is strenuous. How about I help you back to lie down?"

"No need," Su Nian shook her head. "Lying down too long makes my back hurt."

She continued to pace slowly in the courtyard, feeling the warmth of the sun on her body.

---

At noon, Su Nian prepared to eat.

She sat at the table, looking at the food, but found she couldn't reach it.

Her big belly pressed against the edge of the table, preventing her from leaning forward. She could only lean to the side, one hand supporting her belly, the other struggling to pick up food.

"Miss, let me feed you," Xiao Cui said.

"No need," Su Nian shook her head. "I can do it myself."

She struggled to pick up a piece of meat and had just brought it to her mouth when the baby in her belly suddenly kicked her.

"Ouch!" She exclaimed, her hand shaking, and the meat fell onto the table.

"This little rascal," she stroked her belly helplessly. "Even Mother eating, you have to make trouble."

The old woman laughed. "This shows the child is lively and healthy."

Su Nian smiled too, but there was helplessness in her smile.

Even eating was difficult for her now, let alone other things.

---

In the afternoon, Su Nian wanted to wash her face.

She walked to the washbasin, wanting to bend down to wash her face, but found she couldn't bend down at all.

Her big belly pressed against her, preventing her from leaning forward. She could only squat halfway, one hand supporting her belly, the other struggling to reach the washbasin.

"Miss, let me help you." Xiao Cui hurried over.

"No need," Su Nian bit her lip. "I can do it myself."

She squatted halfway with difficulty, one hand propped on her knee, the other scooping up water and splashing it haphazardly onto her face.

Water splashed everywhere, and her clothes were soaked.

"Sigh..." She sighed. "Even washing my face is so difficult..."

Xiao Cui quickly brought a towel to help her dry her face and clothes.

"Miss, please don't be stubborn," Xiao Cui said with心疼. "You're carrying a child now, and many things are inconvenient. Let this servant take care of you."

Su Nian was silent for a moment, then finally nodded.

She knew that with her current physical condition, she indeed needed someone to care for her.

---

At night, Su Nian lay in bed, tossing and turning.

Her big belly pressed on her, making it hard to breathe. She could only lie on her side, with a pillow behind her waist for support.

But even so, she still couldn't sleep.

Her waist ached terribly, and her legs were cramping. She lay on her side, one hand propping herself up on the bed, the other gently massaging her calf.

"Little one," she whispered. "Can't you sleep either?"

A fetal movement came from within, the little one kicking and thrashing inside, as if protesting something.

"All right, all right," Su Nian gently soothed. "Mother knows you're uncomfortable. Hold on a little longer. In a few days, you can come out."

She closed her eyes, trying to make herself fall asleep.

But her big belly made her uncomfortable no matter how she lay. Lying on her back, her belly pressed on her so she couldn't breathe. Lying on her side, her waist ached and hurt.

She tossed and turned, struggling for most of the night before falling into a drowsy sleep.

---

In the middle of the night, Su Nian was awakened by the urge to urinate.

She struggled to open her eyes, wanting to get up and go to the outhouse.

But her big belly made getting up exceptionally difficult. She lay on her side, one hand propping herself up on the bed, the other cradling her belly, struggling to sit up.

"Huff..." She breathed heavily, her forehead covered in sweat.

She supported her waist and moved step by step toward the door.

The outhouse was outside the courtyard, and she walked with great difficulty with her big belly.

The night wind was a bit cold, and she wrapped her clothes tightly, one hand supporting her waist, the other cradling her belly, walking carefully.

Her feet were swollen, her shoes pinching painfully. Each step was like walking on the tip of a knife.

Finally reaching the outhouse, she found that squatting had also become a difficult task.

Her big belly prevented her from bending down. She could only squat halfway, one hand supporting the wall, the other cradling her belly, struggling to take care of her needs.

"This life..." She gave a bitter smile. "When will it end..."

---

Returning to her room, Su Nian lay in bed, unable to sleep again.

She lay on her side, one hand gently stroking her belly, feeling the movements of the child inside.

"Little one," she whispered. "Mother knows you're coming out soon. Wait a little longer. When the time is right, Mother will show you this world."

A gentle fetal movement came from within, as if responding to her.

Su Nian smiled, but the corners of her eyes were slightly moist.

Although pregnancy was hard, she knew it was all worth it.

For the child in her belly, she was willing to endure everything.

---

One day, as she was basking in the sun in the courtyard, the village chief arrived unexpectedly.

"Miss Su," the village chief said. "Someone is looking for you."

Su Nian froze. "Who?"

The village chief pointed toward the gate. "He says his surname is Xiao."

Su Nian's heart leaped.

Surname Xiao?

Could it be...

She rose to her feet, one hand supporting her waist, the other cradling her belly, and walked with difficulty toward the entrance.

And then she saw Xiao Yu.

He stood outside the courtyard gate, travel-worn and dusty.

His face was thinner than before, with dark circles beneath his eyes. He looked altogether haggard and drawn.

But his gaze was still bright, still carrying that familiar tenderness she knew so well.

Separated only by the courtyard gate, their eyes met.

Su Nian stood frozen, unsure of what to say.

Xiao Yu looked at her, his eyes reddening slightly.

His gaze fell upon her prominently rounded belly, a flash of心疼 in his eyes.

"Su Nian," his voice was hoarse. "I found you."

---
